<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Assets][1]
    -   [Fonts][2]
    -   [Images][3]
    -   [Styles][4]
    -   [Scripts][5]
-   [API][6]
    -   [icons][7]
        -   [getNodeIcon][8]
            -   [Parameters][9]

## Assets

In this section available static assets are described.


### Fonts

#### cloudify

This font only contains Cloudify node types, workflow and tasks related icons.

##### Updating the font

We currently use [IcoMoon][10] for making any changes (adding/deleting/editing) to the font, so please follow the current steps:

1.  Open [IcoMoon][10] page in browser and upload the cloudify font.
2.  Now you can see all the existing icons.
3.  Make the required change add/remove/edit to the icons.
4.  Download the new font.
5.  Unzip the new font and remove all the files outside of the "fonts" folder.
6.  Move the new font files to the cloudify font directory.
7.  Remember to update the "cloudify-ui-common" package, so your changes to the font will be available for use.

#### JosefinSans

[OpenSans @ Google Fonts][11]

#### OpenSans

[OpenSans @ Google Fonts][11]

#### Quicksand

[QuickSand @ Google Fonts][12] 

#### Roboto

[Roboto @ Google Fonts][13] 


### Images

#### favicon.png

Small version (200px x 200px) of official Cloudify logo. 

#### logo.png

Official Cloudify white logo. 


### Styles

#### \_colors.scss

Provides set of variables with official Cloudify colors.

#### font-cloudify.css

Creates font-family for cloudify font.

#### font-JosefinSans-Bold.css

Creates font-family for JosefinSans-Bold font.


### Scripts

#### \_colors.scss

Provides set of variables with official Cloudify colors.

#### font-cloudify.css

Creates font-family for cloudify font.

#### font-JosefinSans-Bold.css

Creates font-family for JosefinSans-Bold font.


## API

In this section JavaScript API exposed by the library is described.


### icons

Icons API intends to provide helper functions to access icons defined within [cloudify][2] font.


#### getNodeIcon

Get node type icon character to be used with cloudify font.

##### Parameters

-   `hierarchy` **[Array][14]&lt;[string][15]>** node type hierarchy, from the most specific to the most generic,
    can be single string (eg. "cloudify.nodes.Root")
    or array of strings (eg. ["cloudify.nodes.CloudifyManager", "cloudify.nodes.SoftwareComponent", "cloudify.nodes.Root"]).

Returns **[string][15]** character from cloudify font

[1]: #assets

[2]: #fonts

[3]: #images

[4]: #styles

[5]: #scripts

[6]: #api

[7]: #icons

[8]: #getnodeicon

[9]: #parameters

[10]: https://icomoon.io

[11]: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/OpenSans

[12]: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Quicksand

[13]: https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
